hi everyone today I want to go ahead and
share with you some goodies I picked up
at one of my favorite stores here in the
bay area called dice'll and first I want
to go ahead and start with showing you
these poly bags that i got and their
lace pregnant and you get a tea bags and
this is what they look like and the size
is 9.8 by 5.9 inch so thought these are
great so i could use to wrap little
gifts and whatnots and stuffs one of my
favorite things to do when i send
packages off then i also got this one
and this one is 60 poly bags and it's in
pink lattice and then most of the things
i'm at the dice'll stores of dollar
fifty and then i got the face wash um
nette that is great for showering with
and you just put your bar soap inside so
those and then because i'm addicted
addicted to little cute bags I got this
one here so I'll bag this is lovely and
then I got this one here
and then this one with junk food bunch
of sweets and then I got this one here
more junk food and sweets and then I got
through this one here with flowers on it
and then this one that says kiss me with
more junk food and sweets and then I got
some stationery which is the pop button
and I bought two of these because I love
bunnies and I think they're so cute and
then i also got two of these which are
the sweet decoration strawberry letter
set up and then i also got some deco
tate and these have bows on polka dots
and like a lace least one in three deco
tapes that i got for a dollar fifty so i
thought that was such a great deal
because you get three rolls of team and
then I also got this doughnut line
and then the last thing that I got was
this really cute strawberry bag and it
comes insulated because it's meant to be
used as a lunch bag which is what this
tag says but I'm not going to use it for
a lunch bag I thought I can use it for a
makeup bag because it's insulated I
think it'll be great to use as a makeup
bag so when you get your makeup you know
when it tends to get all that powder and
and just make up in general all inside
of your makeup bags at least this it
could easily be clean and wiped out so
yeah this is my new strawberry bag so
that's what I got it died soul and so
thanks everyone for watching bye